in the city of Patterson New Jersey is a
village known as little Palestine where
Palestinian flags and cfas are easy to
finded as people with family in Gaza at
the Palestine hair salon a shave and a
haircut comes with news of the war even
myself I have a friend who's also
American
citizen who's still stuck there he
cannot make it through since Hamas
attacked Israel on October 7th many here
have been threatened owner Rod OD also
happens to deputy mayor of the city I'm
one of the business owners myself where
I receive a lot of phone call threats
one of the phone calls threats was like
we're going to come kill you we're going
to come burn your business and burn your
family and not once not twice Patterson
New Jersey has been a destination for
Arab immigrants since the late 1800s and
it's now home to at least 10,000 people
of Palestinian descent but what has long
been a source of Pride for the community
is now a source of pain the local shifa
pharmacy takes its name from the shifa
hospital in Gaza City that's where owner
amjad Abu Quake grew up in the last week
he's lost more than 20 family members
you watch the news you see what's going
on in the news and uh and and and and
much worse you see the
response from our government and and and
and the
unfairness the the
inhumane um and and and looking at at at
Palestinian from Gaza as they
subhuman that's that this is really
devastating and this is not what America
stands for free
Palestine free
palese
free many in the community have lost
loved ones in Gaza and faith in the US
government but in the face of grief and
despair are coming together holding
regular rallies like this one lobbying
politicians for a ceasefire and a
Homeland they can someday return to
Christen salumi Al jazer little
Palestine